---
author: Michele Hill
layout: post
title: Roof tour!
categories:
- uwsolar
---


{% include image.html url="http://uwsolar.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/dsc_7473.jpg" description="The UW Solar team on the roof of Mercer Court. Back row, from left: Jeff Bernard, Josh Gana, Duncan Clauson, Nicholas Steckler, Kaiwen Sun, JR Fulton, Bruce Reed. Front row, from left: Michele Hill, Kristen Gelino, Stefanie Young. Not pictured: Otis Alexander, Justin Brecese, Alison McGrath, Casey Rodgers, Jan Whittington, Sunni Wissmer. Image courtesy of Adam Hill." %}

Last Friday, the UW-Solar team and two representatives from Housing and Food Services (HFS), JR Fulton and Josh Gana, took advantage of a rare warm and sunny Seattle day to tour the roofs of three buildings under consideration for our pilot solar array. Armed with the building plans, we traversed areas usually off-limits to students and admired the beautiful views of Portage Bay and Mount Rainier. One thing is for sure: our solar panel array will have an excellent view - and excellent access to the sun. It's bright up there!

Last week, we turned in our grant application to the Campus Sustainability Fund (CSF) for our next round of funding. We will formally present our application to the CSF committee on May 9. If we are approved, this grant will fund the installation of our array.

In other update news:
	
  * The Siting and Infrastructure group is finalizing a list of recommended buildings for the pilot project. The UW-Solar team and HFS will use this list to help decide where the array will go.

	
  * The Institutional group set up a series of informational interviews with local solar subcontractors. These interviews have helped us develop a better understanding of what it actually takes to put up a solar array.

	
  * The Information Systems group met with representatives from Facilities in order to understand how the SCADA system will tie into existing infrastructure. The Information Systems group also met with various SCADA vendors.

	
  * The Electrical Engineering group researched the solar project at the IMA Building on campus in order to discover any difficulties that occurred during installation.

	
  * The Financing and Policy group met with general contractors to learn more about different financing options for our array.

	
  * The Education and Outreach group is creating a comic book theme as part of the outreach strategy. Check out our first comic, below.


{% include image.html url="http://uwsolar.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/537090_325122697613969_1687843035_n.png" description="Team Super Solar: Issue 1" %}

Check in next week for our next update!
